If you're talking about how minors were treated by the police and that in the demonstrations,
I think sometimes I'm not putting blame on either side because I've been in enough demonstrations
in my life and I've seen what goes on in the demonstrations when they got police on horseback
and I've watched from a distance how police have only done one little thing for the horse
to rear up a bit and make you look as if something is happening. These things can happen on that
side. I have seen that happen. I have been right up by it because I always made sure I kept away
from anything else. But sometimes there's the overzealousness of the people on strike and the
overzealousness of the people trying to keep control of what goes on there because there is
a lot of pushing, there's a lot of shoving and what do you mean to get at places where they
shouldn't be? I don't condone that kind of behaviour.